Enhance Volto contributing guidelines (#6613)
plone/volto: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> [!CAUTION]

> > The Volto Team has suspended its review of new pull requests from first-time contributors until the release of Plone 7 in the second half of 2025.

Reviewer: @stevepiercy @sneridagh I just looked at this and though as well something like huh? middle of 2025? :). I agree with Victor's assessment as 2025 is way too optimistic.

> > The Volto Team has suspended its review of new pull requests from first-time contributors until the release of Plone 7 in the second half of 2025.

Author: We also need to update https://plone.org/download/release-schedule, which is more unrealistic.

"mid-2026/2027" is too vague. Pick one year and either half-year or quarter, and I'll go with it. Keep in mind that we count alpha and beta versions as releases, too, not only finals.

> > The Volto Team has suspended its review of new pull requests from first-time contributors until the release of Plone 7 in the second half of 2025.

Reviewer 2: @stevepiercy Maurits updated the plone.org page yesterday.
Let's put it in there mid-2026.

> > The Volto Team has suspended its review of new pull requests from first-time contributors until the release of Plone 7 in the second half of 2025.

Author: Done in d1b048ef16cd858e7ca1bb29feb5473db9f7838f. If it shifts, the link is authoritative, and someone will remind us.

> > The Volto Team has suspended its review of new pull requests from first-time contributors until the release of Plone 7 in the second half of 2025.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Volto Team has suspended its review of new pull requests from first-time contributors until the [release of Plone 7](https://plone.org/download/release-schedule), which is preliminarily scheduled for the second quarter of 2026.
```
